**Kennedy, Emma. “Can Virtual Reality Revolutionize Education?” CNN, *Cable News Network*, 1 Nov. 2018, www.cnn.com/2018/11/01/health/virtual-reality-education/index.html.**
* In her article, "Can virtual reality revolutionize education?," author Emma Kennedy explores the emerging use of virtual reality in classrooms. Companies in the education-tech sector are springing up throughout the nation, providing over 6 million students the oppourtunity to experience VR-based lessons. Kennedy interviewed Guido Kovalskys, founder of education-tech company, Nearpod, for his explination on how VR learning can promote effective learning. He explains that kids are very engaged in VR lessons, and this technology can expose students to a multitude of learning topics at the flip of a switch. There is a "direct correlation between VR usage and increased engagement by students...added engagement boosts learning outcomes." Kennedy also interviewed Professor Bailenson from Standford Univeristy, and he believes VR should be a supplement to learning instead of a replacement of old methods, "It's about using VR to shake it up...stepping away from the mundane stuff and experiencing something." Kennedy explains that VR is a very new technlogy, and the benefits **and** detriments must be understood before widespread use.
* This article is very useful to us beacuse it highlights a very positive aspect of VR learning, **engagement**. The point of our research is to find the most effective method of learning for remote students. As someone who has participated in an online class, I find it hard to engage in the video lessons; the videos were drawn out, and not very memorable. So it is very exciting that so many schools have tried to use VR for learning and that students are—at the least—interested in the technology. VR could be so engaging and fun that students might not even feel like they're "learning."

**Thompson, Meredith. “Making Virtual Reality a Reality in Today's Classrooms.” *The Journal*, 1 Nov. 2018, www.thejournal.com/articles/2018/01/11/making-virtual-reality-a-reality-in-todays-classrooms.aspx.**
* In her article, "Making Virtual Reality a Reality in Today's Classrooms," author Meredith Thompson explores the stories of different educators and their expereince with VR in the classroom. Thompson interviewed Melina Lohan of Medfield, MA and how she used VR to go on virtual field trips. Lohan used VR to explore immigration and she took her students to both Angel Island in San Francisco and Ellis Island in New York. Lohan says her students are very engaged and they love those virtual field trips. A common criticism of VR learning is that it is unnecessarily expensive. However, Thompson interviewed Eileen Spinney and Chris Turner and they say VR does not have to be expensive. Spinney and Turner's school uses kits to convert cellphones into virtual reality headsets.
* This article also supports the idea the VR generates high levels of engagement in students. VR is so new and interesting, that anything shown through that medium is automatically more attended to by students. Does this mean that information presented in VR will be retained better than traditional teaching methods? That might be the case, as attention and information retention are positively correlated. This is something we look to answer in our research experiment. The article also highlights that VR is not an expensive—therefore impractical—method of teaching. There are kits like the Google Cardboard that can convert cellphones into working VR headsets. The idea that VR is unobtainable for most people is starting to become a myth. Students that are taking online classes tend to be in the demographic that use cellphones, so VR is definetly accessable to them.
