#### Babich, Nick. “How VR Education Will Change How We Learn & Teach: Adobe XD Ideas.” Ideas, Adobe, 19 Sept. 2019, xd.adobe.com/ideas/principles/emerging-technology/virtual-reality-will-change-learn-teach/. 
		
		
+ In his article "How VR In Education Will Change How We Learn And Teach", author Nick Babich highlights the ways in which VR technologies can help improve the learning process. Babich identifies two key problems within our traditional learning process, that it's based primarily on fact retention, which does a good job at informing but not educating, and that a lot of people have difficulties comprehending large amounts of information. Then, Babich explains how VR technologies can address these problems by creating a more immersive, easy to use, meaningful, adaptable, and measurable learning environment in which students have a more emotional and connected response to the content being learned, increasing their ability to retain learned information. VR technologies also allow for things previously infeasible or impossible, such as virtual field trips, or for facilitating engaging group learning for remote students. Babich discusses some of the drawbacks or challenges to introducing VR into the classroom, namely the steep entry price. However, technologies such as Google Cardboard or Samsung Gear VR may provide an inexpensive alternative to traditional VR headsets that would be perfectly suited for the classroom.
  
+ We can use the information in the article to best understand the advantages that VR technologies offer in improving our education process. When we produce our own VR learning experience for our project, we will look to utilize VR technologies to develop a more engaging, immersive, and memorable experience compared to a traditional learning process. We would also like to explore how VR could completely change remote learning, by facilitating group learning experiences or by creating more engaging content that online students often miss out on from not being in the classroom. The high price of entry into VR technologies, as discussed in the article, is also something we will probably have to address in our project as we discuss how viable it would actually be to implement VR learning. The idea of using alternative VR technologies such as Google Cardboard or Samsung Gear VR to increase accessibility is something we could explore in our project.`


#### Kelly, Heather. “Students Are Learning and Experimenting inside Google's Virtual Labs.” CNN Business, Cable News Network, 28 Aug. 2018, money.cnn.com/2018/08/28/technology/google-labster-vr/index.html. 

+ In her article "Students are learning and experimenting inside Google's virtual labs", author Heather Kelly explores a collaborative project between Google virtual lab company Labster to produce 30 VR labs. These labs, designed for undergraduate biology students, include "lessons on gene therapy, cytogenetics and RNA extraction." These labs provide an engaging alternative for remote students who would not otherwise have access to a laboratory experience. These virtual labs also provide an environment where students are encouraged to make and learn from mistakes. Spilling a chemical or causing explosive reactions may be harmful in the real world, but in the virtual labs these are simply learning experiences.
	
+	We can use the information in the article as an example of how virtual learning has been implemented in a college environment. We eventually hope to develop a virtual learning experience focused on computer science principles. Although computer science and biology are very different fields, we can still learn from how Google and Labster have implemented their labs as we develop ours. Through this, we can create a more engaging and immersive learning experience for remote students taking computer science courses. It seems that VR is best suited for learning visual or tangible things. In Google and Labster's case, they are teaching about chemistry experiments which are very hands on. Data structures, algorithms, logic chips/gates, and computer architectures may be things which could be visualized and adapted to a VR lesson effectively. For example, students could be asked to watch how a sorting algorith functions on an input, and then have to perform the algorithm themselves using virtual props.
	


### Other Resources
https://doi.org/10.25304/rlt.v26.2140 - Learning in virtual reality: Effects on performance, emotion and engagement 
https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0360131519303276 - A systematic review of immersive virtual reality applications for higher education: Design elements, lessons learned, and research agenda


